Improving follower documentation (#2378)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/follower.md

There are various methods you can use to attach a database. In this article, we discuss attaching a database using C#, Python, PowerShell, or an Azure Resource Manager template.
To attach a database, you must have user, group, service principal, or managed identity with at least contributor role on the leader cluster and the follower cluster. Add or remove role assignments using [Azure portal](/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal), [PowerShell](/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-powershell), [Azure CLI](/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-cli), and [ARM template](/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-template). Learn more about [Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC)](/azure/role-based-access-control/overview) and the [different roles](/azure/role-based-access-control/rbac-and-directory-admin-roles).

> [!NOTE]

> > The attachment process automatically creates a follower database during its execution, eliminating the need to pre-create the database beforehand for later attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Pre-creating a follower database isn't necessary as one is created during the attachment process. 
```

#### Examples

> The following examples includes all tables. By default, all tables are followed without using the '*' notation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example includes all tables. By default, all tables are followed without using the '*' notation:
```

```kusto
tablesToInclude = []
```

> The following examples includes all functions. By default, all functions are followed without using the '*' notation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example includes all functions. By default, all functions are followed without using the '*' notation:
```

```kusto
functionsToInclude = []
```

> The following examples includes all tables with names that start with "Logs":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example includes all tables with names that start with "Logs":
```

```kusto
tablesToInclude = ["Logs*"]
```

> The following examples includes all external tables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example includes all external tables:
```

```kusto
externalTablesToExclude = ["*"]
```

> The following examples includes all materialized views:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example includes all materialized views:
```

    tablesToInclude = []
    ```

> 1. Include all functions. The '*' is needed, since none followers are followed by default:
> 
>     ```kusto
>     functionsToInclude = ["*"]
>     ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Include all functions. No '*' is needed, since all tables are followed by default:

    ```kusto
    functionsToInclude = [ ]
    ```

```

Author: Just fixed, thanks!
